The controls are described in detail in the preceding pages.  This page serves as a quick reference.

The "Show Simplex for Vertex" panel has checkboxes where you select the vertices whose corresponding 4-simplices are shown.  The top row is for the positive vertices (the ones in D+) and the bottom row for the negative ones (those in D-).

Each simplex is colored the same color as the number next to the check box.  If "Lighten negtives" is checked, then the colors for the simplices associated with the negative vertices are lightened (i.e., made whiter), so you can distinguish them from the positive ones.

If "Schematic layout" is checked, then the display shows the edges and faces in a layout that tries to make the various parts as visible (without overlap) as possible.  If unchecked, the picture will be an actual projection of the object from 6-space.

Pressing the "Standard" button causes the "optimal" vertices to be checked for the given layout (these are different for projection vs. schematic representations).

The "Show Faces Formed by" type-in area is where you enter the simplices whose slices you want to show.  See the page "Viewing Cells of M3" for more details.

The permutation checkboxes in the "Apply Action of" section allows you to make copies of the faces you have specified.  The group generated by the selected permutations will be applied to the faces, and a copy generated for each group element.

The "Portion to show" type-in area specifies how much of each face to show (i.e., how big the part that is cut out will be).

The "multi-colored" checkbox determines how the prisms are colored.  If checked, then each prism (or group element) gets its own color, starting with red and moving through the colors of the rainbow to violet.  If unchecked, then the prisms that come from triangles in the RP2 in D+ are cyan, those from the RP2 in D- are violet, and those that come from faces that aren't in either RP2 are grey.

The "Position of Slice" slider indicates the height at which the slice should be taken.  At -1, the slice is at the D- simplex; at +1 it is at the D+ simplex, and at 0, it is half way in between.

See the help page on "Saving Data" for details on the buttons in the column at the right.